docs: reorganize documentation, add new guides (#17)
threeport/user-docs: docs/aws/aws-intro.md

# AWS

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is currently the only supported cloud provider on
Threeport.

The following services can be managed with Threeport objects:

* Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) for Kubernetes Runtimes.
* Relational Database Service (RDS) for managed databases as an application
  dependency.
* Simple Storage Service (S3) for object storage buckets as an application
  dependency.

There are many other AWS resources that are managed by Threeport to deliver these
services.  VPCs, subnets, elastic load balancers are all managed in service of
the supported services on Threeport, but Threeport users need not configure or
provision these separately.

## AWS Account

An AWS Account object allows you to register AWS account information with
Threeport so that it can be used to deploy runtimes, workloads and managed

> services in that account.  You must include your AWS account ID as well as the
> access key ID and secret access key credentials to authenticate to your AWS
> account.  If you have your local AWS config set up to use the `aws` CLI tool you
> can reference those credentials stored on your local file system when creating an
> account if you wish.
> 
> You can set the default region in AWS you wish to use for the account as well as
> nominate an AWS account as the default account to use if one isn't specified
> when deploying a particular resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services in that account.  A
[genesis](../../control-planes/control-plane-intro#control-plane-instance)
Threeport control plane deployed to AWS will utilize AWS best-practice
[IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html)
authentication to manage resources within its own AWS account.  To give
Threeport access to other AWS accounts, you must include an AWS account ID,
access key ID, and secret access key credentials to authenticate. If you have
your local AWS config set up to use the `aws` CLI tool you can reference those
credentials stored on your local file system when creating an external AWS
```

on Kubernetes using an RDS database.

Reference:
[AwsRelationalDatabaseDefinition](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/threeport/threeport/pkg/api/v0#AwsRelationalDatabaseDefinition)

## AWS Relational Database Instance

This object represents a deployed instance of RDS as configured by the
definition.  This object connects the instance to the Workload that will use the
DB.

Reference:
[AwsRelationalDatabaseInstance](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/threeport/threeport/pkg/api/v0#AwsRelationalDatabaseInstance)

## AWS Object Storage Bucket Definition

This object allows you to configure an S3 bucket for use by an application.  You
can nominate whether the bucket should have public read access or not.  Public
read access is useful for serving static assets for a web front end.  Otherwise,
if the data to be stored on S3 is private, you will not want public read access
(which is the default).

You also need to provide a value for the `WorkloadServiceAccountName` field.
Threeport uses IAM Roles for Service Accounts (IRSA) to provide access to the S3
bucket for your workload.  This means you'll need to include a Kubernetes
Service Account with a matching name in the Kubernetes manifests in the

> WorkloadDefinition for your workload that will use S3.  If you're unsure how to

Reviewer: If we don't have a task to automate this already, we should create one. I think we can get away with users configuring 1 or 0 parameters in the workload definition / manifests.

Author: The problem arises, if the K8s manifest includes a service account for a workload already.  If we create a service account and update a Deployment to use it, we'll break whatever the existing service account was doing.  Making this seamless is a job for an abstraction on top of a workload.
